BZ1723494: Add procedure to remove OLM via playbooks (#42411)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/uninstalling-olm-using-ansible.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * install_config/uninstall-olm-using-ansible.adoc

[id="uninstalling-olm-using-ansible_{context}"]
= Uninstalling Operator Lifecycle Manager using Ansible

After installing your cluster, you can uninstall the Technology Preview Operator Framework by using he {product-title} `openshift-ansible` installer.

.Prerequisites

- An existing {product-title} 3.11 cluster
- Access to the cluster using an account with `cluster-admin` permissions
- Ansible playbooks provided by the latest `openshift-ansible` installer

.Procedure

. Add the following variables to your `config.yml` playbook:
+
[source,yaml]
----
operator_lifecycle_manager_install=false
operator_lifecycle_manager_remove=true
----

. Change to the playbook directory and run the OLM installation playbook to uninstall OLM using your inventory file:
+
[source,terminal]

> ----

Reviewer: You can have only one command in a codeblock. Please split the step up, either into two separate steps or substeps.

Author: Addressed

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * install_config/installing-operator-framework.adoc

> [id='uninstalling-olm-using-ansible_{context}']

Reviewer 2: needs quotations " " not ' '

Author: Addressed

> = Uninstalling Operator Lifecycle Manager using Ansible

Reviewer 2: The contributor guides state to use sentence case for all module titles/section headings. See https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#assemblymodule-titles-and-section-headings

Reviewer: This is probably right because the individual components need to be capitalized correctly.

Author: Ack

Reviewer 3: 3.11 actually uses title case (we never changed that). See the 3.11-specific guidelines here: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/enterprise-3.11/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#topic-titles-and-section-headings

There are also some other 3.11-specific differences. I should probably add this to the peer review onboarding docs

CC @kalexand-rh @opayne1 too

> To uninstall the Technology Preview Operator Framework, you can use the included

Reviewer 2: This sentence is a little confusing to me. Maybe omitting the included playbook? 
```suggestion
After installing your cluster, you can use this procedure with the {product-title} `openshift-ansible` installer to uninstall the Technology Preview Operator Framework.
```

Reviewer: I'd probably say:
> After installing your cluster, you can uninstall the Technology Preview Operator Framework by using he {product-title} `openshift-ansible` installer.

It puts the action closer to the start of the sentences and avoids self-referential language.

Author: Addressed

playbook with the {product-title} `openshift-ansible` installer after installing
your cluster.

.Prerequisites

- An existing {product-title} 3.11 cluster
- Access to the cluster using an account with `cluster-admin` permissions
- Ansible playbooks provided by the latest `openshift-ansible` installer

.Procedure

> . Add the following variables to your `config.yml` playbook:

Reviewer 2: Is this supposed to be `config.yml` or `config.yaml`? Just asking because it doesn't look like it likes the source,yaml variables you have here in the preview.

Reviewer: It's valid for YAML files to use the `.yml` extension, so it's likely that this is correct.

Author: Ack

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * install_config/uninstall-olm-using-ansible.adoc

[id="uninstalling-olm-using-ansible_{context}"]
= Uninstalling Operator Lifecycle Manager using Ansible

After installing your cluster, you can uninstall the Technology Preview Operator Framework by using he {product-title} `openshift-ansible` installer.

> .Prerequisites

Reviewer 3: I also don't think we use the Prereq and Procedure headings in 3.11, but I'm not sure if that's a big deal to include or not

- An existing {product-title} 3.11 cluster
- Access to the cluster using an account with `cluster-admin` permissions
- Ansible playbooks provided by the latest `openshift-ansible` installer

.Procedure

. Add the following variables to your `config.yml` playbook:
+
[source,yaml]
----
operator_lifecycle_manager_install=false
operator_lifecycle_manager_remove=true

> ----

Author: I am guessing, the text is highlighted in red because I am using  [source,yaml]

. Change to the playbook directory:
+

> [source,terminal]

Reviewer 3: This is another difference - we don't specify `source,terminal` for commands in 3.11 docs. We just have nothing above them.

Author: Addressed
